.:: HDMovie8.Com ::.
Free Online Movies
♪ You said you'd
love me forever ♪
♪ I guess that was a lie
♪ You did not
stand your ground ♪
♪ You won't ever lose me
♪ I bet you didn't think twice
♪ But in your tears,
you'll drown ♪
♪ I'm flying high
♪ I can touch the sky, I
won't let you bring me down ♪
♪ If I die tonight
♪ I'll die living my life
because you won't be around ♪
Guys, that was a
great night, man.
We were on fire tonight.
Did you see how
the crowd reacted?
Crowd?
Yeah, that's
what I call it, the crowd.
There was five people and
only two of them were awake.
They loved us.
Did you see they
had our t-shirts on.
We're making a comeback!
No, we're not.
I'm done, man.
Done?
But we've got gigs lined up
for the rest of the year.
What am I supposed to tell them,
that Rat Poison is dead?
Been dead a long time, Jack.
Plus, we don't even make
enough money to break even.
So, that's it?
It's about the money?
No, no, no.
Look, I just can't fit
it into my schedule.
My boss wants me to take
over the audit team,
so I'm gonna be traveling
more and more and,
Jack, I'm afraid we've
been rat poisoned.
Guys, what's going on here?
My son's in Little League.
My daughter's got dance
competition every weekend.
I can't do this late
night routine, man.
Sorry.
Peter?
I'm tired, man.
I want to have my nights
and weekends free.
I want to work on my boat.
We can still get together
and jam, just, like, for fun.
Just like we used to do at
your dad's, back in the day.
I don't get it, Dillon.
Get what?
The guys just
leaving the band.
It's been our whole life.
This sucks.
Let me have a cigarette.
I don't smoke.
You got a damn
cigarette behind your ear.
Let me see that one.
No.
And there's no smoking in here.
You don't even smoke.
You're such a bitch.
I hate you, fuck you.
I love you, man.
Can I have another drink?
How are you getting home?
A car.
What do you think?
Let me have another drink.
I think you're
done for the night.
Don't you have the
early shift tomorrow?
I don't care.
Nothing matters anymore.
Who cares?
What about your wife?
Sheila loves me.
She will understand.
We are solid.
You're not driving
home, I got you a ride.
Who?
Me.
Chrissy, my last
only best friend.
I love you, man.
Hey, man, I told you,
you're not my type.
What?
Rejected again by my friend.
Not your type?
I like my men
lean and successful.
I still love you though,
buddy, that's why I'm here.
He loves me.
He really loves me.
Give Jackie a hug.
You need some help
getting him to your car?
Yeah, Sheila's
gonna be pissed.
At least he made it
home and onto the couch.
Jack?
Jack?!
Oh, what?
What, what?
Shouldn't you be at work?
What time is it?
8 a.m.
Shit, shit!
I gotta open today.
What time are you
supposed to be there?
Now.
Give, where are my
clothes, where's my shirt?
I don't know.
I got dressed without any help.
Does little Jackie need
some help getting dressed?
Come on,
stop doing that!
Help me!
Sorry, Jack.
I have a meeting with my
director, I can't be late.
Have a good day, sweetie.
You bitch.
You fucking bitch!
Jesus.
- Come on in, welcome.
- Thank you.
- Hey, grab yourself a seat.
- So hungry.
Sorry about the wait.
- Hey.
- About time.
I remember you.
Hey there, hey.
Welcome, good morning.
Hello and welcome to
Caribbean Sweetness.
What can I get for
you guys today?
Vodka soda, please.
Vodka soda
and you, ma'am?
The same, but no soda.
Great, all right.
I'll go get your drinks while
you take a look at the menu.
Holy shit, you're Jack
from Rat Poison, aren't you?
Yes, I am, how
did you know that?
We were at your
concert last night.
You guys rock.
Thank you!
I'll be right back
with your drinks.
Jack.
We need to talk.
You were late again today.
Yes, I know,
but I got the doors open
in time for the
customers to come in.
Let's step outside, okay?
I have some
customers right now,
but let me get their drinks
and their order first.
All right, but then
we need to step outside.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Now what can I get for
you guys to eat today?
I'll have the Cuban
and black beans, please.
The same, but no black beans.
Very good.
Anything else?
Uh, might as well set us a
couple more rounds, please.
- Will do.
- Uh, one more thing.
Who's playing this music?
I've been listening to it but
I can't quite place the band.
You like it?
Yeah, it's a
different kind of sound.
It's me.
Rat Poison?
No, just a song I wrote
and recorded in my basement.
I'm digging it!
Man, you are a talented dude.
Can't wait to see
you at your next gig.
Yeah, well, that's
another story.
Excuse us, folks.
Can I borrow your waiter
for just a minute?
I'll make sure your orders
and drinks get out okay.
In fact, I'ma let Gaston
take over for Jack,
if that's all right with y'all.
Is that okay?
Gaston!
Sir?
Could you step
out here, please?
Yes, sir.
Gaston, could you take
care of these nice people
- while I speak to Jack outside?
- Absolutely.
Jack.
Hello, guys.
Dick!
Get your dick out here.
Why do we have
to do this here?
I like our usual spot
at the Courtyard.
Because Nancy works there.
I can't have my friends
seeing us there.
How would I explain
being there with my boss?
What about Motel 6?
Motel 6?
You are the big
spender, aren't you?
Well, I was getting our company
discount at the Courtyard.
Hm.
Maybe I should give you the
Motel 6 version in bed, then?
Sheila, baby.
Come on, what if
Jack comes home?
If there's one thing
Jack is, it's predictable.
He's at the restaurant.
He can't leave 'til the
morning rush is over.
We've got a couple hours of fun.
Come here, tiger.
I can't believe
you're firing me.
I'm sorry, Jack.
The doors were open on time!
Almost.
I need someone that I
can depend on to open up.
The customers always complain
when you open the restaurant.
They need to get a life.
Five minutes, I've never been
more than five
minutes late any time.
Jack, this is their life.
This is a part of
their daily routine.
This is somewhere
they like to go.
Why would you fault
them for that?
I know, I know.
All right, but I won't
be late next time.
This is next time.
Pick up your check at the end
of the week and good luck.
Come on.
I can't lose this
job, I need the money.
And I can't afford
to lose customers.
Sheila has a great
job, you won't starve.
Yeah, right.
Jack.
Go do something
that you care about.
Something that
gives you a reason
to be somewhere and not just
a place to be opened up.
Man, Sheila,
you are a tigress.
Yeah, I know.
How's your back?
Love scars.
Well worth it.
I'm ready for another tear.
Well, come here, Dicky.
Let me leave my
mark on you.
Shit!
What the hell?
- Shit, shit, shit!
- Socks, socks!
Here, here, here!
Head.
Jack, what are you doing?
Sheila, what are
you doing home?
Why are you in bed?
I had one of my headaches.
What are you doing here?
Must have been a
pretty bad migraine.
It looks like it was
worse than the last one.
Why are you at home?
I got fired.
Fired, Jack, how could you?
Why do you always
assume it was my fault?
What happened to
standing by your husband?
It's always your fault.
That's not true.
Why
did you get fired?
Because I was late
opening up the restaurant.
It's because of that band.
Jack, grow up and
quit the stupid band!
But it's my life!
It's all I ever wanted.
What happened to you,
Sheila, you know that.
You're not in
high school anymore.
And dreams don't come true.
At least not for you.
Or us.
Shut the door on your way out.
My headache's come back.
Do you think
I should leave now?
I'm gonna need to
charge your rent tonight.
Half a beer's not
gonna pay my bills.
What?
You okay?
This is shit.
It's just shit.
Hey, I can get you
another beer if that one's bad.
What, no, not the beer.
Good, you had me worried.
What then?
Nothing.
Come on, Jack, you've
been sitting here for hours
just staring at that beer.
I don't know
what I want to do.
I, I lost my job.
The band's gone.
Sheila's pissed.
And?
And nothing, that's just it.
I've got nothing.
All I've ever wanted
or cared about is gone.
I've got nothing.
Come on, Jack, there must
be something you can do.
What?
I mean, it's just
been me with the band.
Music is all I have.
Well, you could get
another restaurant job.
You've got years of
experience doing that.
Thanks.
That makes me feel better.
Really?
With all of your experience,
you could get a job tomorrow,
probably as a manager.
Hours suck but it's good money.
No, I hate the restaurants.
Was a short term thing
that turned into 10 years.
I just, I can't do it anymore.
What then?
I don't know.
You could go back to school.
College, maybe?
I barely got out
of high school.
I just wanted to get out.
My grades sucked.
You were a kid then.
Now would be different.
Might be something that grabs
your attention and interest.
There's nothing
college can offer me
that I would want to do.
Where are you going?
I know it's only half a beer
but that half needs to come out.
Oh, damn.
An elephant shit.
Does anybody flush anymore?
Come on, little buddy.
Rock-Enroll now.
Are you a musician
looking for a new start?
- Uh-huh.
- Is the band thing
just not working anymore?
- Yeah.
- Tired of the road trips
- and low pay?
- Yes.
Is your spouse
telling you to get a real job?
- Yes.
- County Community College
has your new career.
That sounds great, Jude.
I can go to school at night
and still work during the day.
But my grades weren't that
great, so, I don't know.
Do you think I can still get in?
Jack, don't worry about it.
I've worked with guys who barely
made it out of high school.
I'll make sure you're approved.
What about tuition?
I don't think I could
swing that, I mean,
I'd have to get a job,
save up some money.
There's grants,
from the government.
And I think from what you've
told me, you'll qualify.
That would be awesome.
I mean, it'd be a miracle
if it all worked out.
Well, look, let me work on it
and I'll get back
to you tonight.
Aw, thanks, Jude, I
really appreciate it.
Now I gotta go find a job.
Let me know as soon
as you hear something.
I don't know if you have the
right qualifications
for the job.
I can do it, just
give me a chance.
Let me dip that
cage in that fryer.
They will come out
crispy and not soggy.
I don't know.
Jake?
Someone thew up in the
men's urinal again.
Can you please go clean
it up for me, please?
Sure.
I'd love to.
I'll be right on it.
Aw, you're so
sweet, thank you.
You know, chicks dig a
guy who play the guitar.
I don't play the guitar.
I do.
I was in a band for many years.
I have a collection of bras
and panties to prove it.
So?
What's her name?
Patience.
I can teach you how to play.
Really?
When I get done with you,
she won't have
any patience left.
She will be all about her Jake.
You're hired.
Hello?
Hey, Jude.
I'm just kidding, man.
You're kidding me.
You're shitting me!
Oh, sorry.
Awesome.
Dude, this is great.
Tomorrow?
Yeah, I'll stop by.
You're gonna help me pick
out my classes, too, right?
Excellent.
All right, well I'll
see you tomorrow, bye.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
I got a job today.
Yeah, I know, it's a great day.
All right, see you
tomorrow, later.
Chrissy, baby,
how's it going, man?
Oh, gosh, I'm great, just great.
Well, that's what I wanted
to talk to you about.
Well, that's why I called you.
We need to celebrate!
Well, I'll tell you
when you get there.
Oh, uh, how about
Dillon's at seven o'clock?
Great.
All right, I'll see
you when you get there.
Bye.
I'll have another one.
Last one, Jack,
then I have to close up.
Closing up, come
on, it's early.
I should have closed by now.
Are you sure Chris is coming?
Yeah, where is Chrissy?
Where is my bestest homo buddy?
I need to buy him a drink.
Chrissy!
You're my best homo buddy.
Cut the shit, Jack,
I'm not in the mood.
And what's your problem
with gay men anyway?
Whoa, what's your problem?
I invite you to celebrate
and you're hours late
and then you piss me off?
You're right, it's
all about you, always.
Chrissy, can I have a ride?
Chrissy, can you
lend me some money?
I'm tired of your shit, man.
Whoa, whoa.
Chill out, man, you
know I love you.
Hey, get Chrissy a drink.
I told you, I'm closing up.
Can't you see he
needs some comfort.
Just one, then I
need to close up.
Yes.
Okay.
Now tell Doctor
Jackie what's wrong.
I don't want to talk about it.
Come on, you're
always there for me.
Now let me be there for you.
Well,
Daniel left me.
What?
What a fucking bastard!
Oh, what is his problem?
He left you,
he left you for somebody
else, I'm assuming?
Yes, it was a man.
His boss.
Oh, wow, what a bastard.
What a fucking bastard.
Are you doing all right?
Yeah, I'm all right, man, I
just, I didn't see it coming.
I mean, I thought we were okay
and then the next thing I know,
my nuts get kicked in my mouth.
Wow, wow, that really,
really, really, really sucks.
It would kill me if
Sheila ever left me.
I love her so much.
She's such a good woman.
You know what, Chrissy?
Let Jackie give you a hug.
Well, I guess it's
the thought that counts.
You taking him home?
Yeah, he better
have some great news.
If he doesn't, Sheila's
gonna be pissed.
She's gonna
be pissed either way.
That's true.
Abandon ship!
What the hell, Sheila?
Are you trying to kill me?
That's it.
No more.
I'm done.
What are you talking about?
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong?
Look at you.
Passed out on the couch from
being out getting drunk again.
Poor Chris had to
bring you home again.
Man, Chris, I
forgot to tell him the news.
You've got no job and
you're just out getting drunk
and spending money
you don't have.
Just chill for
a minute, Sheila.
I was out celebrating my
new job and my new career.
New job and a new
career, all in one day?
How?
What is it?
Well, I'm going back to school
and I'm the new fryer
guy at Carolina Drive-In.
You will never grow up.
School and making fries.
That's your plan?
I'm late for work.
I want you out of my
house when I get home.
Why would I do that?
You don't listen, do you?
You live in this dream world.
I want a divorce
and I don't want
to see your face
when I get home.
Do you know a
good, cheap lawyer?
Oh, shit.
Please stand for the
Honorable Frank O'Brien.
Good to see you, judge.
You, too, Audrey.
Next time, I'm buying.
You got it, judge.
Y'all be seated now.
Jack, you need to grow
up and get a real job.
Divorce granted.
All rise.
So that's it?
Yep.
That sucks.
Well, hey, at least you
don't have to pay alimony.
Pay, she should be paying me.
She makes a ton of money.
You suck as a lawyer.
Well, I'm not a lawyer.
You're supposed
to be trying to be.
No hard
feelings, Jack.
Hard feelings are
more than you ever had.
Well, hard wasn't ever
really your forte either.
You are such a bitch!
And I see your
vocabulary hasn't changed.
Well, she has a kick-ass ass.
Yeah, thanks for reminding me.
So now what the
hell am I gonna do?
Well, you're gonna
find a new girl.
I don't want another girl.
Come on, Jack, she's
the high school sweetheart
that just got away.
How am I gonna get her back?
Well, that's the
least of your worries.
I mean, you can't stay
on my couch forever.
Seriously?
I need a better paying job.
I can help you, Jack.
My name is Bruno.
Bruno Sorentino.
M.A.?
Mister Academy, I'm
the head recruiter there.
We can help you
get your wife back.
Mister Academy, what is that,
some kind of butler school?
How is that gonna help
me get my wife back?
Look.
Most marriages fail
because men don't know
what women really want.
Our academy can teach you
how to treat a woman right.
Give her all the things
that she really wants.
Yeah, right.
I don't have the time
or money for school.
Come on, Chris.
We do have a
work-study program.
Maybe you can qualify.
Our finance department
can probably
find you some money, too.
What about on-campus housing?
Chris.
Your options are
limited, buddy.
We can also help you
find the man of your dreams.
Really?
Why don't both of you
stop by in the morning
and we can discuss the details.
- I don't know.
- We'll be there.
Good.
I'll see you guys
in the morning.
Are you nuts?
Calm down, Jack, I
mean, it won't hurt
to hear what the
guy has to offer.
I don't want to go
to some man school.
Well, we're going
unless you want
to find another
couch to sleep on.
Seriously?
Seriously.
Jesus.
I'm gonna regret this.
Sign right here and
you'll be all set.
A new semester starts Monday.
Well, what kind of
guarantees do you offer?
What if this doesn't work?
Kid.
There are no real
guarantees in life.
I knew it.
That being said,
I can guarantee that
if you do everything
we say, study hard,
well, then you'll
have a better chance
than any other guy out there.
It's all about
increasing your odds.
I don't like those odds.
Look, we have a long
list of happy clients.
Let me show you around.
You can see what we have
to offer for yourself.
I'll even give you
a personal tour.
That reminds me.
This is our most
recent graduate.
Dick.
Yeah.
Dick Lungvick.
You know him?
Yeah, I know him.
He was one of our most
gifted students.
I bet.
Only our top students get
our pictures hung out there.
I'm ready.
Ready for?
Sign me up.
But
there's so much more
- I'd like to show you, Jack...
- I've seen enough.
Okay, let's get on
with the paperwork.
Chris.
All right, I'm in.
Somebody's gotta
look after Jackie.
Excellent.
Welcome to Mister Academy.
My name is Bruno Sorentino.
I'm the headmaster of
this great academy.
All of you have enrolled
for your own reasons.
But, ultimately,
for the same goal.
To learn what a woman wants,
how to attract, and keep her.
Jack, I'm not looking
for a good woman.
I thought you said this
was a progressive school.
Shh, I'm trying to listen.
Are you trying to get
us in trouble already?
Excuse me, is
there a question?
Yeah.
I'm not interested in women.
Well, what are
you interested in?
Men.
Oh, I see.
Tino.
Can you address his concern?
Christopher.
We cater to all flavors here.
You will find that
our workshops work
for attracting men
as well as women.
But we do take
special consideration
for the needs of
our gay students.
I teach all those
classes myself.
Well, good.
I was just making sure.
It's my pleasure.
I look forward to
helping you meet,
capture the right man.
Yeah, he totally wants me.
- Happens all the time.
- Shut up and pay attention.
We have a very aggressive
four-week program.
It's designed to prepare
you for the field.
This program is not
designed for pansies.
You guys need to work hard,
be tough, and be ruthless.
It ain't easy to get a woman.
They all are calculating
and they have a game plan.
You need your own game plan if
you're going to win them over.
Fortunately, we have a proven
track record of success.
I can guarantee your success if
you follow our process.
Okay, now, I'd like
to introduce you
to one of our other instructors.
Vinny Sorentino.
Vinny.
Thanks, boss.
Gentlemen.
I've only got one rule.
Nobody quits.
If I tell you to do something,
I expect you to do it,
no whining, no crying,
no complaining.
You follow my instructions
you will leave here alive.
I'm just kidding.
You will graduate with honors
and you will have lots
of chicks wanting you.
Fair enough?
Good.
All right, your schedules are
in envelopes in your chair.
Any questions?
Yes, what's your name?
Oscar.
What about a little competition?
What do you mean?
I need some extra incentive
to beat out these other guys and
get my picture on that wall.
I see.
Well, boss, should we tell them
about A Lady's Place?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Come on, what's the deal?
Well, we have a little
rivalry with another school.
Who?
They call themselves
A Lady's Place.
But they are just
mistresses in the making.
Sweet.
I can beat some
ladies at anything.
We shall see.
You guys have a lot to
learn to even come close.
The woman that
runs that place is
top notch.
Now we're talking.
Okay.
You'll learn more
about them later.
Vinny.
Wrap this up.
All right, gentlemen,
class starts tomorrow night
and do not be late.
We do not like it
when anyone is late.
And you don't want to
find out what happens
when someone is late.
We'll see you tomorrow,
get the hell out of here.
Here you go, boss.
It's all there.
Counted it myself.
Good.
Make sure this gets added to
the tuition receipts books.
What a
bunch of wussies.
You mean dicks.
Whatever.
The worst bunch of students yet.
Who the hell cares?
We got their money,
that's all that matters.
Now it's up to you guys
to turn 'em into real men.
Come in.
You wanted to see me, sir?
Yes.
Sit down, Jack.
We got a problem, Jack.
Your tuition check bounced.
It did?
Oh, wow, I'm sorry.
Hold on, hold on.
I don't want another bad check.
This one will be
good, I promise.
I just need a day to put
some money into the account.
Do you think
I'm stupid, Jack?
No.
Put that away.
Where you going?
I thought that
since I couldn't pay...
Sit down, sit down.
I read your file.
I know what that
bitch did to you.
What bitch?
Your ex-wife.
Sheila?
No, that was my fault.
She is a saint.
You are so
pussy-whipped, aren't you?
Listen.
I think I have a solution.
How about work for me?
I had a recent opening.
But I don't know how to
teach guys about women.
Yeah.
That's for sure.
But I have another
job in mind for you.
A little side business of mine.
Doing what?
Deliveries.
Of what?
Stuff.
Don't worry about it.
But you do this job
and your tuition
will be paid in full.
Are you kidding me?
So, do you want
the job or what?
Hell yeah!
Thank you so much, sir.
When do I start?
Manny will let you know.
He runs all my side businesses.
Yeah, listen, Manny.
Jack's our new delivery guy.
Yep.
Set him up.
Don't worry about if
it doesn't work out.
Well, then we'll have
one less student.
Right, exactly.
Tomorrow's delivery will work.
Okay.
Jack!
Now, where were we?
What?
I'm watching TV.
Yeah, you and the
whole neighborhood.
It's late, go to sleep.
I can't.
I'm too excited.
I got my new job, we
start class tomorrow,
and my tuition is paid in full.
About that.
When are you getting
your own place?
Come on, Chris.
I gotta save up some money.
I can't afford my own place yet.
Well, how do you expect to
work two jobs and go to school?
I don't know, don't worry
about it, I'll figure it out.
I need my space.
You're kinda cramping my style.
I can't even meditate.
And what's this job
that Vinny got you?
Making deliveries.
Delivering what?
I don't know.
Doesn't matter, go to bed.
Turn down the TV.
I need my sleep.
Fine, okay.
Good night.
Hello?
Oh, hey, Manny.
What?
Tomorrow?
5 a.m., are you shitting me?
No, no, I can do it.
I just gotta be at work on time.
Okay.
Text me the address.
See you at 5 a.m.
Hello?
Shit!
Manny, I am so sorry.
I'll be there in five minutes.
I am so sorry.
Where the hell have you been?
I've been texting your phone.
Oh.
Forget it at home.
Sorry, Manny.
What is it?
Don't worry about it.
Just deliver it to the
address on the package.
Okay, I have to
go to work first,
so I'll deliver it later.
No, now.
But I'll be late.
I'll give your boss a note.
Ow, what'd you do that for?
We're closed.
Couldn't you have said
that without hitting me?
No.
I have a package to
deliver, I have to go inside.
We're closed!
I need to go inside.
Okay, fine.
Bruno's gonna be pissed.
Bruno?
Are you his new delivery boy?
Yes?
You don't know?
Yes, I am.
Manny gave me this
package to deliver.
Give it to me.
No way.
I have very specific instructions
on who to give this to.
Heidi.
Yeah, how did you know that?
I'm Heidi.
Yeah, right.
You done out here?
Does it look like I'm done?!
Don't hurt me.
Just come inside
when you're done.
Can you sign something to
prove that I gave it to you?
Do I look like UPS?
All right, here you go.
Ow, jeez!
What are you, Fed-Ex?
Don't drop my package.
Thank you.
Bruno's got a
new delivery guy.
Hey, Jack.
You have some customers.
Hello and welcome to
Carolina Drive-In, ladies.
Ladies?
Do we look that old?
Sorry, ladies, I mean, ma'am.
So I'm a grandma now?
Dude, you better quit now
before things get ugly.
Gina, he is just being
a southern gentleman.
Oh, I'm not from the South.
But I have friends in the South.
Bloody Mary and
I want a good pour.
And put it in a go cup.
Coffee, please.
Yeah, coffee and
water, about a gallon.
Very good, I'll be right
back with your drinks.
Gina, why are you
mean to our server?
I think I'm still drunk.
Why do my legs hurt?
Could have been all that
table dancing last night.
Table dancing?
Shit, I don't remember that.
Yeah, I told you not
to get on the table
with that skirt on.
Was I at least
wearing underwear?
When you got on
or off the table?
Fuck, nevermind.
Your divorce party
was much better
than your bachelorette
party, though.
I remember your divorce party
and you got a little
cray cray as well.
All right, here's your drinks.
Now what would
y'all like to order?
Dude, don't even try.
Gina, stop it!
What would you recommend
for a hangover?
Cheeseburger.
All the cheese, all the bacon.
It always works for me.
Done and fries, lots of fries.
I'm gonna do the fruit salad
with an egg white
omelet and wheat toast.
Great.
Very good.
You're making me
look like a pig.
Stop it, you are not a pig.
You're just hungover.
So now what?
Hangover?
Yep.
That chick is just rude.
Which one?
The dark haired
girl with the hat on.
Oh, that's Gina.
She's a regular,
she'll grow on you.
Yeah.
Like mold on stale bread.
Just be nice.
She tips well.
Unless you piss her off.
Damn.
I tore that shit up.
Yes, you did.
I'm gonna hit the gym later.
What about the interview?
I gotta hit the gym first,
relieve some stress and
work off these fries.
Then the interview.
Are you ready?
Tidy up, clean up, you
know you gotta speed up,
take a sip, pep up, and
you'll have to get up.
Hey, that's pretty good.
What's it for?
Menstrual cramps commercial.
I don't get it.
Is that our bill?
Yep.
Unless you guys
want anything else.
Desserts?
No, thank you.
It's been my
pleasure serving you.
Thank you.
You must enjoy having
your teeth drilled.
I'll get this.
Oh, no, you can
pay after you get a job.
You ready?
Yeah, let's go.
What a bitch!
I couldn't do anything right.
No one can.
Her husband recently left her.
Oh, wow.
For her sister.
Ouch.
Well, I'll be damned.
Told you so.
Men.
This is your first
practical test.
What the hell?
You're late, Jack.
Sorry, I got
out of work late...
Oh, don't you.
Lateness will not be tolerated.
- But...
- No buts.
Drop and give me 20.
As I was saying, this is
your first practical test.
This skill will save your life
and your family Jules
when done effectively.
Now.
Let's get ready.
Attention.
There's a knock at the door.
Stop what you're doing.
Drop on the floor.
Roll under the bed.
Back to one.
Back to one, let's go.
Right.
Attention.
There's
a knock at the door.
Stop what you're doing.
Drop to the floor.
Roll under the bed.
Yeah, this drop, stop,
and roll technique,
when mastered will save
your butt every time
that boyfriend or husband
shows up unexpectedly.
Now, let's do it again.
Come on, let's go.
Move those titties.
All right, yeah.
All right.
Attention.
There's
a knock at the door.
Stop what you're doing.
Drop to the floor.
Roll under the bed.
All right, come
on, man up, guys.
Work through the pain.
Better to have a bruised
leg than a fist to the face.
Let's do it again.
I counted it already.
That's why you pay me, isn't it?
Vinny, I know, I just love
the feel of fresh
cash in my hands.
Yeah, it feels good.
Is Manny working on the books?
Yeah, he's adding it up now.
Making sure everything adds up.
Correctly.
Hey, you know, I've
been meaning to ask you.
How the newbies doing?
They've been working hard.
Yeah, they got lots of bruises.
Manny's been teaching them
about endurance in the bedroom.
I love that session.
You got the doc on call?
Yeah, he's ready.
Just in case.
White or yellow?
White.
The yellow takes too long.
Good.
Guys!
Come on.
It's more important that
the woman is satisfied.
I got to pee but I can't,
what am I supposed to do?
Not pee.
Get out of here.
Damn, I feel like Superman.
How about you?
I feel good.
Look out, ladies, here I come!
Wait, so you've never
taken a boner pill?
No, I've never
had to before now.
Yeah, me neither.
What do you think of it?
Oh, I didn't take one.
Why not?
I don't need to.
That's a bunch of
fake shit anyway.
I like.
Well, don't get used to it.
It won't last long
and if it does,
you're going to the ER.
You don't need a man in
your life to be complete.
You must first find peace and
completeness within yourself.
Be the woman you
know you can be.
Take that first step
and the remaining ones
will fall into place.
Now...
Why do I hear be the
do, do the do in my head?
Don't be so negative.
She's come a long way and
she's helped a lot of women
along the way.
This is such bullshit.
She's just trying
to sell her book.
I need something real,
not commercial pop speak.
Not enjoying the talk?
It's such bullshit.
She's so fake.
She doesn't know what
I'm going through.
They're nothing but sheep here.
You have to read her story
to really understand her.
Yeah, whatever.
She really does
have a great story.
She just doesn't talk about
how she got her confidence
up in the beginning.
See, I told you.
Wait?
How do you know that?
'Cause she got her start
with me, at my school.
And who are you?
I'm Rhonda.
I run A Lady's
Place here in town.
What the hell is that?
We teach women
how to have strength
and power of their own
and not get caught up in
a man's illusion of power.
So you're selling a book, too?
Come on, Ally, let's get
the hell out of here.
Don't mind my friend,
she's just getting out of her
second bad marriage.
I don't mind.
I know her type.
Bitch just meets me and
thinks she knows my shit.
Bitch.
I know your shit 'cause I was
in your shit not that long ago.
Do you think you're the
only bitch with problems?
Grow up.
I like this lady.
Okay, I'm listening.
What you got?
Come to our orientation
session tomorrow night.
I promise you won't
be disappointed.
Pay attention, Gina.
No, I'm done here.
Let's go, I'm getting hungry.
That's it?
It's not over.
I'm gonna go to this place
and you're gonna come with me.
Why?
Because you
dragged my ass here,
so I'm dragging your
ass with me tomorrow.
What the hell are you wearing?
Protection, from that girl.
Mei?
You?
What?
No, that, that girl.
Yeah, Mei.
No, not you.
Don't be stupid, Jack.
Her name is Mei.
Oh.
I thought her name was Heidi.
Heidi?
Does she look like a Heidi?
No.
You're one tough
guy, aren't you, Jack?
She's tough as nails.
I got the bruises to prove it.
Why are you here?
Why couldn't you deliver
the package yourself?
I don't do deliveries.
Thank you for
delivering my package.
What the hell?
See you next time.
Yeah.
I got it.
Get this.
Bruno showed up at the delivery.
Yeah, I'm headed back now.
Gotcha.
What is it?
Bruno's here to see you.
Well, tell him
I'm busy, Jules.
It's Julian.
Now, Jules,
why did I hire you?
Because you fired the
last assistant you had.
Exactly, because
Benji couldn't
keep unwanted visitors out.
Benjamin.
Whatever.
Go tell Bruno I'm busy.
You're gonna need
a bigger assistant
if you wanna keep me out.
What do you want?
Just to discuss our
upcoming school dance.
Dance?
What dance?
Our
annual competition.
It's not a dance.
Well, I've told my students
it is, so just go with it.
That is, unless you
don't have any students.
I know business has been rough.
Business is just fine.
I've got a whole
crop of new recruits
coming to orientation tonight.
Good.
You've got two
weeks to get ready.
Two weeks?
We don't start our first
session 'til tomorrow night.
I can't possibly have
them ready in two weeks.
Okay, then.
If you want to forfeit.
No, hell no, I don't.
We'll be ready.
Good.
Why don't we raise
the stakes this year?
What did you have in mind?
Ownership rights.
Of what?
The business.
I win, you close your
stupid macho academy.
And when I win?
I'll close A Lady's Place.
Deal.
That was too easy.
Nope.
I just know you're gonna lose.
What's this?
Your alimony check.
I figured you might
need it a little early.
Asshole.
Jules, get in here.
It's Julian.
Whatever.
Sit down.
This is it?
Where are all the
recruits, Jules?
I'm sorry, it's
all I could round up.
Okay.
New tactic.
I worked all day
on that speech.
Well, it won't do now.
Get ready to leave
in five minutes.
I thought you wanted
to hear what she says.
Yeah, she's got five
minutes to get my attention.
You're all
pathetic, weak women.
Losers.
All of you.
Let's go, I don't like
how this is starting.
Wait.
And that's what you've
been told your whole life.
By men.
Men.
The supposedly stronger sex.
Men who always get their ways.
Men who make more money
doing the exact same thing
that you do.
They act like you're an equal
but they want you to do
exactly what they say.
What do you mean
you have a headache?
Oh, wait, are you
on your period?
Well, why else are you
dressed like that, huh?
You want it, don't ya?
You know, if a women
shows aggression
and, God forbid, actually
wants to have sex,
she's called a
whore, a slut, easy.
But when a man
sleeps around, well,
his buddies, they just put him
on a pedestal and cheer him on.
Does that make any sense?
I mean, like, any, does it?
I'm here to tell
you that you don't
have to take that
bullshit any longer.
You have the power
to change perception,
be the woman that you've
always wanted to be,
and take those men by the balls.
And I don't mean figuratively.
I mean grab those
dangling marbles
and just squeeze tight
and you know what?
You'll have total control
over any man that you want.
So if you're tired of being
taken advantage of by men,
I can help you.
Two weeks.
That is all it will take to
completely change your life.
Who's in?
My assistant, Julian,
is at the table.
He'll get you signed
up for our two-week,
life-changing, crash course.
Where are you going?
To sign up and
you're coming with me.
I don't want any part in this.
You get pushed around
by men all the time.
You need this just
as much as I do.
I do?
Yeah.
And I don't have any money.
I'll pay you back, I promise.
Gina!
Ally, come on,
please, I need this.
Did you just say please?
Don't be a bitch, yes, please.
It is worth it just to
hear you say those words.
Awesome, let's go.
Oh, Jack, your favorite
customer just walked in.
Welcome, breakfast for one?
Do you see anybody
else with me?
Well, no, but last
time you were here...
Just get me a coffee to go.
- Okay.
- Can you handle that?
Yes.
I'll be right back.
I see you two are
getting along quite well.
She is such a bitch.
I don't know what
crawled up her ass
so early this morning.
So why don't you
take the high road?
How?
Don't charge her
for the coffee.
On the house.
Okay, I don't see
how that's gonna help.
Trust me.
Hi, how may I help you?
On the house.
Why?
Well, last time
you were in here,
you know, the serving skills
weren't up to par, so.
Aha.
And you look like
you could use it, too.
What's that supposed to mean?
Nothing, I mean, you just
look a little stressed.
Stressed?
Really?
No.
Nothing, sorry, just
trying to be nice.
Well, you need to work
on your social skills.
Believe me, I am.
Thanks for coming
in, have a nice day.
Look, I'll give you
a pass this time, if.
If?
If you tell me where
I can get this music
you guys are playing in here.
Oh, you can't.
You're not scoring
any points, dude.
No, I mean you can't
because it's not for sale.
It's my music.
Your music?
Yeah, I'm in a band.
Well, I was in a band.
I'm not anymore, but I
still love to compose music.
This is your music?
Yes.
Cool.
Very cool.
Thanks.
I can bring you a copy
next time you come in.
That'd be great.
Great, my pleasure.
Hey, you need to work on
your communication skills.
I know, I know.
Nice save with
the music though.
Yeah.
I didn't see that coming.
Men.
We're going to shift
into high gear.
In two weeks, you will
meet the competition.
Each of you will go head
to head with a woman
from A Lady's Place.
Uh, what's A Lady's Place?
Good question.
It's a place where women learn
to take advantage of men.
These women are the
reason men get divorced.
They give all men a bad name.
What are we
gonna do, beat 'em?
Don't be an ass.
We don't condone violence here.
I'm kidding.
What do you mean by competition?
What's even the point?
The point is to
show these women
how a real man does things.
You will be tasked with
getting a date with a woman.
How are we gonna do that?
I'm glad you asked, Jack.
The next series of workshops
will teach you just that.
Chris.
Well, I guess that leaves
me out of the competition.
Why?
Because I'm not into women.
Yeah, I know.
You've got to get a man.
I can do that.
Anymore questions?
Put your big boy
britches on, men.
And get ready to work.
It looks like a
good group of ladies.
Well, I'm not
looking for good.
I need women with
killer instincts.
Those Mister Academy men
aren't good ol' boys.
Are you girls excited or what?
I'm ready to tear
apart some men.
Excuse me?
There'll be no
tearing apart here.
You haven't read
Rhonda's blogs, have you?
No, I haven't.
What do they say?
She's a man killer.
Ever since her divorce,
she's dedicated her life
to make sure women don't get
taken advantage of by men.
Well, I don't think you
have to be mean to have that.
You haven't had a
boyfriend lately, huh?
No, she hasn't.
I'm Gina.
This is Ally.
Maya, nice to meet you.
Welcome, ladies.
I'm very excited that you've
all decided to join in
on this life-changing adventure.
I'm Julian, Rhonda's assistant.
I have the privilege
of introducing to you
the one woman who will make
all of your dreams come true.
Rhonda Marie Moretti.
Thank you, Julian.
Ladies.
Welcome.
You're all here because
you're ready for a change.
So I'm not gonna bullshit
you with a long speech.
Because now's not the time
for bullshit speeches.
It's the time for action.
These next two weeks,
they're all about action.
You're gonna learn
how to handle,
subdue, acquire, and
take control of a man.
Yes, whoo!
Whoo, yes!
There you go, yeah, baby!
That, that, that
right there, ladies,
is what you're all gonna need,
that enthusiasm, that gusto.
You're gonna need it to succeed.
We're not the weaker sex.
We are the stronger one.
By the end of these two weeks,
you'll learn just how
to become that woman.
I think Maya needs to
lay off the caffeine.
I don't think this is
the place for me, Gina.
Rhonda sounds angry.
Well, I don't blame her.
She should sound angry.
Men suck.
Come see Julian for
your class schedules.
Recognizing a Loser.
I needed that before my
first and second marriage.
How to Keep Your Man Hard?
I needed that
before my last date.
Mr. Softie was such a loser.
Oh, How to Take Control
and Keep Your Legs Closed.
I got a bad feeling
about all of this.
What's going on, boss?
Why the emergency meeting?
I just wanted you guys
to know what's at stakes
with A Lady's Place competition.
What do you mean, it's
not the same as last year?
No.
Rhonda has raised
the stakes higher.
How high?
If we lose, we
close Mister Academy.
What the hell?
Bruno, are you crazy, man?
No, just confident.
You have not seen these
guys, these guys are pathetic.
Yeah, what a bunch of losers.
Step it up, guys.
We ain't losin', and I'm
not closing this place down.
Now.
What's Tino teaching 'em today?
Proper grooming.
I thought we weren't
gonna teach them that?
You guys remember what
happened to the guy last time.
Yeah, but he didn't lose
any of his family Jules.
He just can't feel one anymore.
Jeez, Vinny, call the medic
and have him on standby.
Now, remember, gentlemen,
the tree always appears taller
when the bushes are trimmed.
That's right.
A woman appreciates
a well-groomed man.
Excuse me, uh, I think
I'm gonna skip this lesson.
Oh, don't be scared,
little buckaroo.
Oh, I'm not scared.
Then what's the problem?
Come on, Chris, if I'm
doing this, so are you.
I just got my monthly waxing.
Damn.
Smoother than a
newborn's bottom.
Thank you.
Okay, you are excused
from this exercise.
And write down the
name of your waxer.
I'm looking for somebody new.
Everybody else,
gather your materials
and please proceed to your
stalls in the next room.
And remember, gentlemen,
this is not a race.
Take your time.
Be careful.
Please don't
open your bags yet,
Rhonda will explain
what to do, thank you.
Please don't open the bag yet.
Thank you.
Gina, put the bag down
before you break what's inside.
You worry too much, girl.
Ladies, your
attention, please.
I'm so excited.
We'll get to what's in your
goodie bags in just a minute.
Pay attention, Gina.
Yes, mother.
What is one reason why
you failed at getting a man?
Oh, oh, I know.
Okay.
Because I picked a
big old douchebag, yeah.
Yes, yes, that is
probably one reason.
Anybody else?
I let my girlfriends
pick my dates.
Yes, yes, yes, the
inevitable blind date.
Uh, I didn't have
a plan of attack.
Yes, yes, yes, that's it.
What's your name?
Maya.
You've been reading my blog?
Yes.
I read them every week.
You are amazing, I love you.
Suck up.
When was the last time
that you went on vacation
and you didn't have a plan?
Do you just, I don't know,
get up in the mornings,
walk out the door and not know
what you're going to
do during the day?
Yeah, like every day.
Gina, right?
Yeah, good memory.
How do those days
normally turn out for you?
Be honest.
Pretty shitty, actually.
Exactly.
And that is how your
date will turn out
if you don't have
a plan of attack.
The goodie bags in front of you,
they're part of
your attack plan.
So go ahead and look
inside, pull out each item,
lay it on the table
in front of you.
Oh, this is nice.
Uh, that's not for your hands.
Oh.
Um, what are the
white pills for?
Oh, yes, yes.
That is my favorite
item in the bag.
This, ladies, this is
your most powerful weapon
to gain control of a man.
The boner pill.
Excuse me, these really
are to help the guy,
so how does it help me?
That's, that's true.
Just not how I would use them.
Have you ever been with a man
who's had trouble
getting an erection?
- Oh, yeah.
- Yeah, yeah.
The key to control is to
just take one of these babies
and just slip it into
your date's drink.
But why would I
want to do that?
Because there's
nothing more controlling
than an unsatisfied, hard dick.
Yeah, he gets hard.
You know it.
You tease him and then you
leave him, unsatisfied.
That is just not very nice.
Well, this is not
about being nice.
This about taking
control of the situation.
Okay.
Let's talk about
the handcuffs next.
Okay, gentlemen.
Inspection time.
Get ready to drop your shorts.
And.
Mm-hm.
Hmm.
Hm, nice.
Ooh.
Is something wrong?
No.
Nicely done.
Just make sure you get lots
of aloe down there tonight.
Why?
Trust me, don't forget.
Mm-hm.
Mm.
Okay.
Oh, and that goes for everyone
else as well, gentlemen.
Aloe vera, your best friend.
Okay, nice job, everyone.
That's it for tonight.
Tomorrow, we will
work on pick up lines.
Thank you, goodnight.
That is some razor burn, dude.
That's why I get waxed.
Doesn't feel like razor burn.
Ouch, that is a little tender.
Yeah, aloe, lots
and lots of aloe.
Evening, ladies.
What can I get for you today?
Are you okay, Jack?
Oh, I'm fine.
Why?
You're walking like
you've got a bowling ball
between your legs.
Just sunburn, forgot the aloe.
Coffee?
Uh, yes, please.
Yes, and water.
I brought you that
CD I promised you.
I hope you like it.
Thanks, Jack.
My pleasure.
So, Laura's gonna be
taking over for me.
I gotta get to my second job.
That was very nice of Jack.
Jack's pretty cool.
Pretty cool?
You like him, don't you?
Quit it, I'm just
being nice to him.
No, the last guy you
were nice to, you married.
Look, I'm learning
not to be fooled by men.
Some guys are just nice.
Don't let your last two
ex-husbands convince you
that all guys are bad.
What are you doing?
Studying for tonight's test.
Worst pick-up lines
review and test.
You're taking Rhonda's
message seriously?
She's got her shit together.
Don't you think?
No, I think she's
a bitter woman.
Excuse me, miss.
Yeah?
Are you related
to my keyboard?
No, why?
Because you're just my type.
Get the hell out of here.
What's that?
For you.
Wow.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey.
A whole ten dollars, huh?
Can I help you?
You get some good pictures?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Yeah, you see, I
got a good friend
that likes to take
pictures, too.
And he's real good at
getting just the right angle.
Yeah, here.
Take a look.
Mm?
You know, I think
your wife would love
to see these
pictures, don't you?
What do you want?
Nothing.
Should I send her a copy?
No.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
I don't expect to see
you around here again,
you understand me?
Yeah, I do.
Good.
Now get the hell outta here.
I'm so proud of all of you.
You've worked really hard
over the last two weeks.
Tomorrow night, you get
to meet your competition.
You get to take
what you've learned
and put it into practice.
So who's ready to
go into battle?
Battle?
Bring it on!
I'm ready to get this shit on!
Yes, you've got it!
Men, I have heard you are
the best group we've ever had.
You're gonna need to be
to beat the ruthlessness
of the women from
the Lady's Place.
They will not play by the rules.
They will go straight
for your balls to win.
Believe me, I know them.
They will not stop until they
have beaten us to a pulp.
Tomorrow night, these
ladies will join us,
so, men, get a good night's rest
and get ready to kick
some lovely asses.
Hey, buddy, can
I get you a beer?
No, I want to be sharp
for tomorrow night.
About that.
Are you sure you still want
to go through with this?
Are you shitting me?
Yes.
But you don't even
know what they want you to do.
I figure we'll practice what
we learned with these women.
I don't know.
We've learned some
pretty stupid shit.
Stupid?
How to talk to a
woman is not stupid.
I'm finally getting
used to these razors.
Did you know they make
ball-sized band-aids?
Yeah, I know.
Hey, I just didn't want you to
be disappointed, that's all.
Dude, you're the
one who told me
I didn't know how
to treat a woman.
How will I ever get Sheila
back if I don't learn how to?
Is that what you think
you've been learning?
Look.
You and Sheila, you
just grew apart.
It happens.
I didn't know
how to treat her.
I didn't know what it was
like to be a good husband.
Why are you messing with me?
I'm finally getting
my life together.
I'm sorry.
You've been working really hard.
I even saved up enough
money to get my own place.
Really, that's,
that's great, I guess.
I thought you'd be
happy to get rid of me.
Nah, man, to be honest,
I kinda got used to
you being around.
You're a different man than
when you first moved in with me.
See?
It's all because
of Mister Academy.
Okay, okay.
Look, I'm going to bed.
Night, Jackie.
Night, buddy.
What are they doing here?
Who?
Gina and Ally.
You know them?
They're regulars
at the restaurant.
I told you about Gina.
Oh, that bitch customer.
She's not a bitch,
really, it's just,
she's tough on the outside.
So you like her?
No.
No?
Well, she's nice.
But I don't like her.
Oh, so you like her but
you don't really like her.
Exactly.
Okay.
Whatever you say, man.
I'll be right back.
Ladies,
ladies, ladies.
Jack?
Gina.
What are you doing here?
I could ask you
the same thing.
Wait, are you a student
at the Lady's Place?
Yeah.
Wait.
Do you go to that male
chauvinist Mister Academy?
Male chauvinist?
Yeah, that's what Rhonda said.
Who the hell is Rhonda?
My teacher.
Yeah, well, well, Bruno says
you guys are just a bunch
of ball-busting bitches.
Ball-busting?
And I thought you
were a nice guy.
Yeah, well, obviously I
know who you really are.
I was really starting
to like that guy.
And now you don't?
He goes to Mister Academy.
He was probably just
using me for some project.
Gina, you
don't know that.
My instincts are spot on.
Says the twice divorced woman.
Shut it.
Well, how'd that go?
I don't want to talk about it.
Bitch.
I thought you said
she wasn't a bitch.
Well, I was wrong.
Okay, flipper.
Wait.
Who's that beauty?
Who are you looking at?
That guy right there.
I'm in crisis mode and
you're scoping out a dude?
Look, I'm just trying to put
what I learned to good use.
Excuse me.
Hey, you look like you've
been working really hard.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Yeah, my name's Chris.
Jules.
Ugh, Julian.
Damn it, Rhonda's got
me saying it, too.
What, Jules?
I mean, I like
that, it suits you.
I mean, you do sparkle.
Thank you.
So you're the,
you're the main guy
in charge, right?
Oh, no, no, no, god, no.
I'm just the assistant.
Oh, well, the way you've
been working this room
I just figured that
you were the main man.
It was nice talking to you.
Uh, you too.
Thanks.
You get his number?
Nope, just laying the
ground work, my friend.
Just laying the ground work.
Rhonda.
Bruno.
How do you want to do this?
Same as always.
Just spare me the
motivational speech.
My guys love it.
Doubtful.
Ladies, guys, we're
about to get started,
so, please find your
way to your seats.
Welcome to our annual
school competition.
This is our fifth year running
our friendly competition.
Yes.
And this is a very
important year.
The tie-breaking year.
For your assignments,
you'll each be paired up with
someone from the other school.
Time to take what you've
learned, put it into practice.
The goal is to get a date with
someone that you don't know.
Simple, right?
School with the most dates wins.
There's no limit,
the number of dates.
However, each date has to
be with a different person.
It's not about quality.
It's about quantity.
Besides,
you won't find much
quality out there.
Boo.
You know, Bruno's
right, ladies.
There aren't many
quality men out there.
Please see Julian and Tino.
They'll let you know who
you've been paired up with.
You're so going down.
You're going down, bitch.
Is that how it's gonna be?
- You fuck...
- No need to get foul-mouthed.
It's not gonna help you win.
Go on.
Good luck.
It looks
like we're out of names.
No, wait a minute,
that's not right.
We, I thought we had
enough for everyone to be
evenly paired up.
We're out.
Well, how about I
pair up with Jules?
That's not appropriate.
Why not, I mean, he's not
a part of Mister Academy.
What do you say, Jules, you
ready to go head to head?
I don't know.
How's your stamina,
can you keep up?
Like Superman.
All right, Tino, I think
we can make this work.
I accept your challenge.
Fine.
But if Bruno asks,
it was your idea.
Tino, I hope you don't mind.
I mean, I know we had
a connection, but,
well, you know.
I understand.
You'll just have to
remain in my dreams.
If I had a dollar for
every time I heard that.
You are getting
soft in your old age.
Don't you say it.
'Specially if you value
your family Jules.
I take it back.
Smart boy.
Let's keep this professional,
I plan on winning.
Agreed, so, now what?
We go to a pick-up joint.
I don't know of any.
I do.
Come on, let's go.
You're driving.
So, what now?
Well, I guess we should go
find a place to pick up women.
Well, that's not gonna work.
Why not?
I'm gay.
Happy?
Well, you're cute and funny.
You know what I mean.
Yeah, I'm just being shy.
Well, what do you say
we ditch this competition
and we go get a drink?
Rhonda would be furious!
Look, life's too short
to sweat the small stuff.
Just, just one drink.
Okay.
Just one drink.
Let's go.
I bring 'em in.
I put 'em away.
All of them?
So there was this one guy.
You here alone?
Yeah.
Who's that woman you're with?
She's just a friend.
Is she seeing anyone?
Check, please.
So, you want to
get out of here?
Yes.
All right, let's go.
Not with you.
Get the hell out of here.
So, you come here often?
No.
Okay.
Can I buy you a drink?
No.
Where are we?
I thought we were
going to get a drink.
My house, we are, here.
I have pepper spray.
Actually, it's body spray,
but it will still sting
your eyes really badly.
You'll just smell nice
as you writhe in pain.
Hey, man, we're cool.
We're just gonna have a few
drinks on my porch, that's it.
Okay.
But I'm not going in your house.
Okay, come on.
In high school, I was
quarterback in a football team.
Star player.
Oh, nice.
What do you do now?
Play league.
Oh, full-time?
Nah, only when I can get
a ride from the shelter.
Check please, on him.
Have a seat.
I'll be right back.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Thanks.
It's a really nice
house you have.
Well, porch, actually.
Well, thank you.
Is that a spiral
staircase in there
with all those lights?
Yeah, it leads to
the master suite.
Oh.
Lovely.
I'd love to see that sometime.
But not tonight.
I know, I know.
So, uh, how long have you
been working for Rhonda?
Oh, just a couple of weeks.
And it's been hell.
Why is that?
She's just, she's just
a very demanding person
and, and not very nice.
You want me to slap
her around for you?
No, stop it.
She's just a bitter old bitch.
So what do you do?
I'm a hairdresser.
Oh, I've been looking
for a new stylist.
I could give you a
makeover if you'd like.
Oh.
So.
Tell me more about what
you would do to me.
So, how many did you get?
I don't know, I
haven't added 'em up yet.
Just count up the
numbers that you got.
Okay.
I got one.
How many did you get?
Two.
Twice as many as you.
I win.
Yeah, you win.
Where you going?
I need some tunes.
What is this?
It's my newest creation.
Do you like it?
It's amazing.
You're really talented, Jack.
Thanks.
I like you, Jack.
Yeah, sure.
I really do.
I do, too.
It's just.
What?
My track record
isn't the greatest.
I want this to work.
Really?
Yeah.
Can we go slow?
Slow is good.
I can be a turtle.
You really are
a great guy, Jack.
Yes, yes, I am.
We should get back
so we can see who won.
I already know who won.
Who?
Me.
Tino and Julian are
tallying up the scores.
We will soon know
which school has won.
Everybody freeze, FBI!
What the hell?
Bruno, you're under
arrest for smuggling.
Smuggling what?
These.
We caught up with the
rest of the packages
left in Jack's car.
Damn it.
I forgot to deliver the
rest of the packages.
I'm sorry, Bruno.
Don't worry about it, Jack.
You got nothing on me.
Go ahead, open it up.
These, drugs.
You're an idiot.
Those aren't drugs.
Then what are they?
Spices.
Spices?
Yeah, from my
import-export business.
I supply 'em to
Chinese restaurants.
Sorry, Bruno.
Sorry, huh?
Tell that to the
judge and my lawyer.
Now, get the hell outta here.
Manny, show her the door.
Spices.
Rhonda.
We have a problem.
What is it?
Well, take a look.
What are we gonna do?
I need to think.
We both need to think.
Attention, everyone.
It appears we have a tie.
Rhonda and Bruno are
reviewing the results
and will have a decision for
you momentarily, thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please gather around.
I'm sorry about the unexpected
intrusion and the delay.
Rhonda and I have come up
with a solution to the tie.
Nick, come on up.
Gina, come on up here.
We've decided to
have our top students
compete to break the tie.
- The winner will...
- Bruno, wait.
Did you just interrupt me?
Yes, I'm sorry, but
there isn't a tie.
I didn't get any dates.
I lied.
Yes, yes!
Why the hell
would you do that?
Because I didn't want to.
Come on, Bruno, let's discuss
the details of your
surrender over some drinks.
Okay, but you're
buying this time.
Jack, why'd you do that?
I may be a turtle,
but I know what I want.
Well, Jack, it looks
like you finally learned
how to treat a woman.
I guess it took
the right woman.
And the right man.
So, spices, huh?
Yeah.
They didn't even look inside.
What a bunch of idiots.
So, what are we gonna do now?
I think we need a new plan.
I was thinking about
opening up a new school.
Manny,
you ever been a model?
Yeah, modeling
school, I like that.
.:: HDMovie8.Com ::.
Free Online Movies
♪ Now, now, let's get
ready, let's get ready ♪
♪ Stop what you're doing
♪ Drop on the floor
♪ Now drop on the floor
♪ Let's get ready
♪ You ready
♪ Stop what you're doing
♪ Drop on the floor
♪ Now drop on the floor
♪ Let's get ready
♪ Stop what you're doing
♪ Drop on the floor
♪ Now drop on the floor
♪ Let's get ready
♪ You ready
♪ Stop what you're doing
♪ Drop on the floor
♪ Now drop on the floor
♪ Let's get ready